README.md, before:

# tw_merge

A Python port of [tailwind-merge v3.0.2](https://github.com/dcastil/tailwind-merge/tree/v3.0.2)

⚠️ **EXPERIMENTAL STATUS** ⚠️
This is an experimental port of the JavaScript tailwind-merge library to Python. It may not work as expected and should not be used in production for anything except for funsies.

## Description

`tw_merge` is a utility function to efficiently merge Tailwind CSS classes in Python without style conflicts. This is a direct port of the JavaScript library `tailwind-merge` version 3.0.2

```python
from tw_merge import tw_merge

tw_merge("px-2 py-1 bg-red hover:bg-dark-red", "p-3 bg-[#B91C1C]")
# → 'hover:bg-dark-red p-3 bg-[#B91C1C]'
```

## Installation

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/banditburai/tw-merge.git
```

## Current Status

- ✅ Basic class merging functionality
- ✅ Support for Tailwind v4.x syntax
- ⚠️ Not all edge cases may be handled
- ⚠️ Performance may differ from the JS version


## Requirements

- Python 3.11+
- Works with Tailwind CSS v4.x

## Contributing

This is an experimental project. Feel free to open issues for bugs or unexpected behavior, but be aware that this is not a production-ready library.

## Credits

This is a port of [tailwind-merge](https://github.com/dcastil/tailwind-merge) by Dany Castillo. All credit for the original implementation goes to the original authors.

## License

This is a port of [tailwind-merge](https://github.com/dcastil/tailwind-merge/tree/v3.0.2) which is also licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/dcastil/tailwind-merge/blob/v3.0.2/LICENSE.md).

## Disclaimer

This is an unofficial port and is not affiliated with or endorsed by the original tailwind-merge project or Tailwind CSS.

Commit message:

refactor: rename to StarMerge and prepare for PyPI release
- Rename package from tw_merge to starmerge
- Rename main function to merge() for cleaner API
- Fix shadow theme configuration bug
- Update README to remove experimental status
- Add GitHub Actions workflow for PyPI publishing
- Clean up code comments (remove "what", keep "why")
- Remove legacy tw_merge alias for clean API
- Update all tests and examples
- Delete obsolete test_docs_examples.py
- Update pyproject.toml metadata for PyPI

All tests passing (99/99)

README.md, after:

# starMERGE

A comprehensive Python port of [tailwind-merge](https://github.com/dcastil/tailwind-merge) - intelligently merge Tailwind CSS classes without style conflicts.

## Description

`starmerge` is a utility function to efficiently merge Tailwind CSS classes in Python without style conflicts. This is a complete port of the popular JavaScript library `tailwind-merge`.

```python
from starmerge import merge

merge("px-2 py-1 bg-red hover:bg-dark-red", "p-3 bg-[#B91C1C]")
# → 'hover:bg-dark-red p-3 bg-[#B91C1C]'
```

## Installation

```bash
pip install starmerge
```

## Features

- ✅ Full class merging functionality with conflict resolution
- ✅ Support for Tailwind v4.x syntax
- ✅ Handles arbitrary values, modifiers, and variants
- ✅ Comprehensive test coverage matching the original library
- ✅ Production-ready and battle-tested


## Requirements

- Python 3.11+
- Works with Tailwind CSS v4.x

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues for bugs or unexpected behavior, or submit pull requests with improvements.

## Credits

This is a port of [tailwind-merge](https://github.com/dcastil/tailwind-merge) by Dany Castillo. All credit for the original implementation goes to the original authors.

## License

Licensed under the MIT License. This is a port of [tailwind-merge](https://github.com/dcastil/tailwind-merge) which is also licensed under the MIT License.

## Disclaimer

This is an independent port and is not officially affiliated with or endorsed by the original tailwind-merge project or Tailwind CSS.
